How does the sixth brother feel today?
Fifth brother, I don't even recognize you
Hello, His Royal Highness King Huai
I am Yuan Qinglin
Princess Chu, my father asked me to treat you
I've heard its name for a long time
No one
Sister Wu and Brother Chen
It makes sense, it doesn't matter.
It will be common in the future.
This is a potion injected directly into the body
More effective than decoction
OK
Here I go.
What do you do?
What did you tie him with?
Lu Mufei, take it easy
What kind of treatment is this?
Your father knows
Swallow these pills
You go get some water
Ah this
This is not chewed directly.
It needs to be swallowed with water.
chew
Works better
Don't you need to fry this medicine?
This is a refined pill.
No need to fry
Just take it.
Concentrated drugs work better
Brother Six, don't mind
Princess Chu asked us to wear this mask.
I'm afraid your disease will spread to everyone
It's okay, I understand.
His Royal Highness King Huai naturally understands
He has the disease
Naturally, I know that this disease is uncomfortable and hard
I don't want my relatives to get the disease too
Please help me
I'll listen to his back.
King Chu, if you are afraid of contagion
Let Xiaosi come